Title: Determine License and Vulnerability Information

Primary Actor: Manager

Goal In Context: Manager is able to determine all license and vulnerability information from the developer. 

Stakeholders: 
 Manager: To receive and clear software package information. 
 Developer: provides software package information that is relevant. 
 Software Owner: Understand manager decisions to give the okay to the software or deny the software. 
 
 Preconditions: 
 Proper software package information has been provided or gets provided. 
 Relevant information in Github Database. 
 
 Main Success Scenario:
 Manager receives accurate license and vulnerability infromation for the requested software packages and their entirety. 
 Failed End Conditions:
 Manager receives inaccurate or invalid information based on their request from the data store. 
 
 Trigger: 
 Manager identifies software and license information that is provided. 
 
 
 Use Case #2 
 Title: Manage License Software Information
 
 Goal In Context: Manager is able to manage all the License and Software Information that is received from developer. 
 
 Stakeholders: 
 Manger: Primary actor responsible for managing the licnese information from the software. 
 Developer: Provide software and license information for the manager to view and sort through.
 Software Owner: Be able to understand the managers decisions if the software is inaccurate and cannot be stored or used properly due to inaccuate or invalid licensing results of the software. 
 
 Preconditions:
 Proper software and license information is provided to the manager. 
 The information is revlevant for the manager who is controlling that information about the software and it's licenses. 
 
 Main Success Scenario: 
 Manager is able to successfully and properly manage the software and license information that they are receiving. 
 
 Failed End Conditions: 
 Manager is unable to manage the software and license information due to inaccuaracies or no licenses being provided for the software. 
 
 Trigger: Manager receives scanned information.
 
 Use Case #3 
 Title: Displaying License Results 
 
 Goal In Context: Allowing the manager to be able to browse through the licensing results of the software from the developer. 
 
 Stakeholders: 
 Manager: Browse results to verify license information for software.  
 Developer: Provide intitial software and license information to be able to display by manager. 
 Software Owner: Manager can display and browse the results of their software and stop any software that has inaccurate licensing information. 
 
 Preconditions:
 Information about Software and Licensing provided to manager to be able to display results.
 Software has to be scanned prior to being able to display the results of the scan. 
 
 Main Success Scenario: 
 All software and license information being able to be displayed and browsed by manager. 
 Information is accurate from the scan. 
 
 Failed End Conditions: 
 Software and License information is unable to be viewed or displayed by manager. 
 
 Trigger: Manager receives information and is able to view and browse through the results. 
